feat(dynamic permissions): improve release note (#1986)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

=== Dynamic authorization checking active by default (Subscription editions)

xref:identity:rest-api-authorization.adoc#dynamic_authorization[Dynamic authorization checking] is now only available in the *Enterprise* editions, and is also *active by default* for new installations. +

> Existing installations that update to 2022.1 stay *unchanged*, but we encourage customers to xref:identity:rest-api-authorization.adoc#dynamic_authorization[activate dynamic authorization checking], once they have validated that the default dynamic rules provided in Bonita Runtime are complient with their applications (if not, rules and/or application pages need to be adapted). +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing installations that update to 2022.1 will stay unchanged (meaning dynamic permissions will not be automatically activated or deactivated upon update), but we strongly encourage customers to xref:identity:rest-api-authorization.adoc#dynamic_authorization[activate dynamic authorization checking], once they have validated that the default dynamic rules provided in Bonita Runtime are compliant with their applications. If not, rules and/or application pages will need to be adapted. +
```
